If you want to fly with eagles, you can't hang out with the crows.
Sometimes you don't get what to want because you deserve better.
Three legends are looking at the 4th in front of them.
Sometimes those who are heartless, once cared too much.
They won't miss you when you're gone, they miss you when you're doing better.
My father believed in me when no one else did.
Aim for excellence rather than perfection.
your job pays the bills. Your business pays the lifestyle.
Spend your time alone every day.
Success is when you find people copying you.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
A man with dreams needs a woman who believes.
Dear me, one day I'll make you proud.
Hurt in private, heal in silence, shine in public.
When your goals are more important than a party, welcome to the 1% club.
When life hurts losers ask, "Why me?" winners say "Try me!".
Sit with winners, the conversation is different.
Never post your achievements. Post stupid stuff and jokes so they'll think you have no future. People hate progress. Seriously!
Hard times will always reveal true friends.
Listen to people who have what you want.
I don't want a normal life sorry.
Being alone has power. Very few can handle it.
Offline is the new luxury.
Everybody loves you until you become a competition.
Never forget the hands that raised you.
Make your parents proud enemies jealous and yourself happy.
Don't focus on other brands build your own brands.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Act like you trust psople but do not.
The smarter you get, the less you speak.
Circle got samller, vision got clearer.
A hungry stomach, an empty pocket and a broken heart can teach you the best lessons of life.
The hungrier you are, the faster tou win.
Nothing is worth it if you are not happy.
Your biggest war is with yourself.
I work for money if you want loyalty, hire a dog.
Good people bring you happiness, bad people bring you experience.
Win with me or watch me win.
Be happy in anticipation of what's coming.
Life begins where fear ends.
Patience is a superpower.
Work hard, stay humble.
Persistence is the vehicle to success.
My thoughts create my reality.
Give this world good energy.
We don't meet people by accident they are meant to cross our path for a reason.
Small changes eventually add up to huge results.
God's plan is bigger than your past.
Do less with more focus.
Attitude is everything. New day, new strength, new thoughts.
Keep choosing joy.
Relax and start enjoying your journey.
Start truly to who you are.
First of all, have a goal.
Nothing changes if nothing changes.
Nobody can get in the way of what is meant for you.
No matter what, family first.
The intention is everything.
Don't live 1 year in 75 times and call it life.
Be thankful if you are alive.
Silent moves loud results.
Patience is when you are supposed to get mad, but you choose to understand.
You become very dangerous once you learn to control your feelings.
If you win you'll be happy, if you lose you'll be wise.
If your mind is broken, so will your pockets.
You deserve every toy you want.
Strong men don't have attitude, they have standards.
Go for it before it's too late.
People don't get jealous of losers.
They don't ignore you until they need you.
They'll ignore you now but trust me, they'll need you later.
Be confident in whatever you do.
Visualize what you want to be and work for it.
Stop trying to skip the struggle.
If you hang out with 5 idiots, you will be the 6th.
The harder the journey, the stronger you will become.
Trust the timing of your life.
Life is too short to spend it at a job you hate.
I don't trust words, I even doubt actions, but I never doubt patterns.
Everyone is trying to change the world. Change yourself first.
Know more before judging others.
Whatever happens, take responsibility.
You can't win if you don't begin.
Success requires daily actions.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
If you want to fly give up everything that weighs you down.
Time is what we want most and what we use worst.
The hard days are what make you stronger.
Another day another challenge.
You become very dangerous once you learn to control your feelings.
The future depends on what you do today.
Ideas are easy, implementation is hard.
Be a winner in your life.
Skills make you rich, not theories.
Never trust a friend, that chills with the enemy.
Distance yourself a bit, you'll realize a lot.
Attitude is everything so pick a good one.
Rule your mind or it will rule you.
Be strong enough to go alone.
You can't deposit excuses!
If your goal sets you apart from the crowd, stay alone.
Second chances are rare, will use your first wisely.
Rejections don't stop you, failures don't stop you. You stop you.
Will it be easy? No. Will be worth it? Absolutely.
Knowing when to leave is important. The party. The job. The relationship.
Celebrate your progress.
Inspire your haters.
When the world says "Give up", hope whispers "Try one more time".
Every day brings new choices.
You cannot build a brand overnight.
Dream big! There's nothing out of your reach.
Your greatness is not what you have, it's what you give.
Start small, nail it, and then make it big.
To win big, sometimes you have to take big risks.

Nobody owes you anything, like is what you make of it.
The most important approval you ever need is your own.
You have one mouth and two years. Follow that ratio. Talk less, listen more.
Understand people by their actions and you'll never be fooled by their words.
Thanks for the pain. It made me raise my game.
Your destiny is determined by your decisions. Not your conditions.
Pray as if it's up to God. Work as if it's up to you.
Luck doesn't exist.
The world needs big thinkers.
people say a lot. So, I watch what they do.
If you want to be powerful, first educate yourself.
Burn your bad habits, before they burn you.
Your bad time can give you all the knowledge, that your school can't.
Just because you came to the bottom, doesn't mean you can't aim for the top.
The most powerful motivation is rejection.
Have a clear vision of your full potential.
Your speed doesn't matter, forward is still forward.
Invest in your dreams, grind now, shine later.
Be a self-motivativator because no one else is going to push you.
When you go for something don't come back until you get it.
Spend some time alone every day.
Don't say "I can't afford this." Always say "How I can afford this?"
My biggest problem? I notice everything.
Your loves make you strong, your hate makes me unstoppable.
If you are not overwhelmed, you are not growing.
Oh, you're tired? Leave the hard work for the big boys.
Your goals don't care how to feel, keep hustling.
Bad things are going to happen. That's not negotiable. What is, is how you deal with it.
If you feel down yesterday stand up today.
While you were parting I was working.
Dream, believe, hustle, and achieve.
Get up. Your story isn't over yet.
You're future is in your hands.
Stay on your grind.
Size matters, so keep your dreams big and your worries small.
 Money won't fix a broken mindset.
 If you can't face your fear, you will never be anything.
 Never assume that loud is strong and quiet is weak.
 Sometimes it is the quiet observer who sees the most.
 Showing is better than telling.
 Not all readers are leaders, but all leaders are readers.
 If you don't sacrifice for what you want, what you want becomes the sacrifice.
 Don't waste a single day.
 Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
 Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
 If you are the only one in charge of your destiny.
 Don't be so quick to judge me. After all, you only see what I choose to show you.
 Be strong enough to fight alone and wise enough to wait for your turn.
 I don't compare myself with others. I know I'm best in my own way.
 You have to fight to reach your dream. You have to sacrifice and work hard for it.
 A leader knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
 Be careful, not everyone is a real friend.
 Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
 Sometimes everyone needs a break. Learn to rest, not to quit.
 Your mind will make you rich or poor.
 A suffer from ambition, addicted to success, and I'm allergic to average.
If you work just for money, you will never make it.
Don't just dream of owning that car, go hustle and call it "Our own".
One wrong move and everyone judges you.
The comeback is always stronger than the setback.
The hustle never stops.
Don't let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
Behind every successful man, there are a lot of unsuccessful years.
Be yourself: Everyone else is already taken.
Be better than you were yesterday.
One thing for sure, if you don't play, you don't win.
Crying doesn't take anywhere, but trying does.
Keep moving forward.
Learn to sit back and observe, not everything needs a reaction.
Don't talk, act. Don't say, show. Don't promise, prove.
There's a lot of blood sweat and guts between your dreams and success.
Stop overthinking, you're only creating problems that aren't there.
You're only as good as your team.
You don't get rich for having ideas. You get rich by making them a reality.
Promise yourself, no matter how hard it gets, you'll never give up on your dreams.
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Invest in yourself. It pays the best interest.
His business professor said his business idea would never work. That idea was FEDEX.
Without rain, nothing grows. Learn to embrace the storm of your life.
Any day that we don't give up puts us one day closer to success.
Take your dreams seriously.
You can't always have a good day, but you can always face a bad day with a good attitude.
We're all in the same game just different levels.
Being late doesn't mean failure. Maybe it means getting ready for a great launch
When you start seeing your worth, you'll find it harder  to stay around people who don't
If you want to be successful you have to be willing to disappear for a while.
Kill them with success and bury them with a smile.
Remove your birth date from social media and see no one will wish you except your mom.
Success hugs you in private. Failure slaps you in public. That's life.
Success is not always what you see.
Just because I don't react, doesn't mean I didn't notice.
Choose your dreams over your excuses. Your dreams are more exciting anyway.
One of the best lessons you can learn in life is to master how to remain calm.
My story is not over until I win.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes. Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Surround yourself with dreamers, doers, and believers.
Life is very hard sometimes but giving up won't make it better.
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
The direction is more important than the speed, may are going fast nowhere.
One bad chapter doesn't mean your story is over.
Work so hard that expensive becomes pocket money.
Be strong, you never know who you are inspiring.
Do it for the people who want to see you fail.
The journey is long keep on grinding.
Goals and ambition on point.
The goal is to retire young and rich.
The more you read, the more you grow.
Great things take time.
How the others see you isn't important. How you see yourself is more important.
The only difference between a good day and a bad day is your attitude.
When your why is clear, the how is easy.
They laugh because I'm different. I laugh because they are all the same.
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
Start thinking bigger.
Go after dreams, not people.
You get what you focus on, so focus on what you want.
Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
An open mind will new open doors.
Keep grinding, your day is coming.
Focus on 24 hours in front of you.
Great leaders make people feel important.
If you dream higher you can make it.
Average is boring. Level up.
If you risk nothing you risk everything.
Start unknown, finish unforgettable.
Be the hardest working person you know.
Difficult doesn't mean impossible.
Decide where you want to be and don't stop until you get there.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Do it like the professionals. Move in silence.
Choose people who choose you.
We don't meet people by accident. They are meant to cross our path for a reason.
Once you become fearless life becomes limitless.
Mr. "Give up" never owned a 4 million dollar car.
Don't burn your opportunities for a temporary comfort.
There's always light at the end of the tunnel.
You receive what you focus on.
If you can make one dollar, you can make a million more.
Work until your bank account looks like a phone number.
There's nothing as powerful as a changed mind.
A "Job" won't make you rich.
Think big, believe big, act big, and the results will be big.
Life moves fast enjoy the ride.
Be a good person but don't waste time to proving it.
Your family is the best team you could ever have.
Work for that moment when you can finally say "I made it".
The goal is to be rich not to look rich.
Don't call it a dream, call it a plan.
Smile at people who hate you.
Take the risk or lose the chance.
Some people just pretend to help you.
Never reveal everything you know.
Build a team with the same dream.
Stay hungry, stay focus,
Keep your struggle secret until you succeed.
Knowledge is the new currency.
They wanna first class. I wanna own the damn plane.
Fly above the negativity.
Don't be afraid to fail, be afraid of not trying.
Do what scares you until it doesn't.
The best view comes after the hardest climb.
Next stop: The top.
Be the game-changer.
If you can't find a way then, make a new
The limit is not in the sky, the limit is in the mind.
You don't get ahead by working harder. You get ahead by working smarter.
Don't watch the clock. Do what it does and keep going.
If you want to drive rolls-royce, then stop taking advice from Toyota drivers.
Walk like a king or like you don't give a f*ck who's the king.
It's lonely at the top. That's why a Lambo has 2 seats and a bus has 50.
Remember who you wanted to be.
Never forget why you started.
When your heart breaks your brain starts working.
Work so hard one day people who rejected you will search you, in google.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
The climb is tough, but the view from the top is worth it.
Life is a game. And I plan to win.
One day is going to be your day.
My moral in life is simple, you treat me good and I'll definitely treat you better.
In order to become the 1%, you must do what the other 99% won't.
Confidence comes from keeping the promises you made to yourself.
Take your dreams seriously.
If you want to succeed double your failure rate.
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is a success.
Strong men don't have attitude, they have standards.
Surround yourself with those on the same mission as you.
At the end of the days, it's you VS. you.
Winners always find the way to win!
Push yourself to the f*cking limit and be a f*cking beast.
No more wasting time. One life, one chance.
The only limits in life are the ones you make.
A drug dealer never consumes!
Focus on your goal don't look anywhere but ahead.
Talent won't get you paid. Hustle will.
Great things never came from comfort zones.
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
We mature with the damage, not with the years.
I've never met a strong person with an easy past.
Die with memories, not dreams.
People like me don't wait for others to validate, congratulate or celebrate us. We do that sh*t ourselves.
Do what's right not what's easy.
I'm dangerous when I'm focused.
What you think, you become. What you feel, you attract. What you imagine, you create.
Go and get what you deserve.
Go after dreams, not people.
Be savage not average.
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes.
I changed my thinking. It changed my life.
Life is not about finding yourself, Life is about creating yourself.
Your biggest risk will be the one you don't take.
Handle your business without people knowing your business.
I stopped explaining because I realized people will only believe what they want to.
You need to believe in yourself before anyone else believes in you.
Damaged people are dangerous, they know they can survive without help.
Excuses don't build your business. Actions do.
Life is art, live your colors.
Where you are in few years depends on what you do today.
Rise and grind, your empire isn't going to build itself.
You are the CEO of your life, fire and promote accordingly.
You have one f*cking life, do something about it now or regret it later.
I am chasing a legacy.
You learn nothing from life if you think you're right all the time.
Learn to discipline your emotions because if you don't your enemies will use them against you.
Life is a game. All you have to do is know how to play it.
Problems are not stop signs they are guidelines.
You lose a lot when you get serious about life and your goals.
Time is not-refundable.
Together we win.
Good things happen to those who hustle.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
You are meant for something bigger!
Everything you can imagine is real.
80% of billionaires don't have a college degree.
In a couple years, people will ask you how did you do it?
The worst past creates the best future.
No regrets in life you just lessons learned.
Everything comes to you at the right moment. Be patient.
They want to see you do good, but never better than them. Remember that.
Don't complain enjoy the pain.
It's a mindset game.
Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.
I create take risks I live my passion I am an entrepreneur.
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.
Maybe I was born a loser but I will die a f*cking legend.
"You can pay for a school but you can't buy a class."
I heard you're a player nice to meet you, I'm the coach.
Focus on where you want to go, not where you are.
Your largest fear carries your greatest growth.
Sh*t happens & life goes on.
Stop telling people more than they need to know.
Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself.
No one is coming to save you. This life is 100% your responsibility.
Sorry, I don't speak average.
A master has failed more times than a beginner has ever tried.
If you're waiting for the right time, you'll never start.
Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be shine.
Ambition is the first step to success. The second step is action.
If your life just got harder congratulations. You just leveled up.
I'm not telling you it's going to be easy. I'm telling you it's going to be worth it.
Money gives me this attitude, the attitude gave me this money.
Sweat more in training and bleed less in war.
You can't be afraid of what people are going to say because you're never going to make everyone happy.
No one stays with you permanently learn to survive alone.
If you don't get out of the box you've been raised in, you won't understand how much bigger the world is.
They hate me because is it easier than beating me.
Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.
Life will become easier the moment you become stronger.
I don't understand why people get mad when they get rejected by somebody or something. They have done you a favor by not wasting our time & playing with you.
Don't forget to enjoy life while chasing your dreams.
Don't run away from who you truly are.
Accept yourself. You don't have to prove sh*t to no one except yourself.
We fall. We fall. We break. But the, we rise. We heal. We overcome.
Don't wait. Life goes faster than you think.
No one is you and that's your power.
I don't need it easy, I just need it possible.
Believe one of that you hear and half of that you see.
Money is numbers and numbers never end. If it takes money to be happy. Your search for happiness will never end.
An idiot with a plan can beat a genius without a plan.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
A year ago I would've died for certain people. A year later half of them are dead to me.
Dear me: Stop expecting so much from people.
Absorb what is useful, discard what is useless and add what is specifically your own.
Practice like you've never won, perform like you've never lost.
Blood, sweat & respect. First two you give. Last one you earn.
Focus on one goal and do whatever it takes to accomplish it.
Power comes not from knowledge kept but from knowledge shared.
Don't be afraid to start over again. You may like your new story better.
A lot can change in a year, stay focused.
Stay humble, work harder, enjoy life.
Simplify your life. Learn to say "No."
Laughter is the best therapy.
F*ck NETFLIX. Let's trade and chill.
If no one hates you, you are doing something wrong.
No matter how rough things get, always keep your head up and stay positive.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
You are meant for something amazing in your life.
