If she was with you through hell make sure to take her to heaven.
Help even when you know they can't help you back.
Never forget who helped you out when everyone else was making excuses.
Proud but never satisfied.
Don't feel sad if someone rejects you. People usually reject expensive things and go for cheaper ones.
Burn your bad habits before they burn you.
Failure defeats losers, failure inspires winners.
Everyone is beautiful. Sometimes it just takes the right person to see it.
One day the reality will be better than your dreams.
One bad chapter doesn't mean your story is over.
Don't quit, life can go from zero to a hundred in real quick.
It doesn't have to be perfect, you just have to start.
I was not born rich but I work twice hard to fix it instead of crying.
Making too many mistakes is fine, but making a mistake too many times is not.
My current situation is not my final destination.
First, you learn then you remove "L".
Your self-respect has to be stronger than your feelings.
Success is the greatest middle finger of all time.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk.
Sometimes you have to go through the best worst to get to the best.
Don't decrease the goal. Increase the effort.
Be loyal to your future, not your past.
A good woman is an investment. A bad b*tch is a bill.
Life always offers you a second chance. It's called tomorrow.
Be kind for no reason.
Confuse them with your silence and amaze them with your actions.
Make it happen, and shock everyone.
I will be rich one day, I know it.
People don't even like themselves so why would you care if they don't like you.
You will never know your limits until you push yourself to them.
Success doesn't come to you, you go to it.
If you want it, you worth it. It's that simple.
Don't go broke trying to look rich.
Don't compete. Dominate.
A man without a vision for his future always returns to his past.
People don't become successful without some sort of discipline.
Don't educate your children to be rich. Educate them to be happy, so they know the value of things, not the price.
Your lifestyle depends on your work ethic.
Money is power.
If you have the power to go alone to a restaurant or a movie theatre then you can do anything in your life.
All you need is a strategy to make a living.
You are the product of your decisions.
You can mess up your whole life. Just by hanging out with people with no goals and ambition.
Don't focus on your goals. Instead, focus on the habits that will take you to them. It's always you vs. you.
If you want to be successful, you must embrace the boredom of consistency.
The best revenge is to boss up physically, mentally & financially.
20 minutes of doing something is more valuable than 20 hours of thinking about doing something read that again.
Stay away from "still" people. Still broke, still complaining, still hating, and still nowhere.
Make your parents proud, enemies jealous, and yourself happy.
You can never expect to succeed if you only put in work on the days you feel like it.
Every family has a person who breaks the chain of poverty, breaks the chain of profession, may you be the blessing to your entire family.
Small minds discuss other people. Good minds discuss events. Great minds discuss ideas.
If you are good at something, never do it for free.
Remember: In life, whatever you really want will never come easy.
A person who is okay with being alone is a powerful person.
You are meant for something amazing in your life.
Being a little bit crazy is the key to success. You can't do big things thinking small.
You can't get rich working a 9-5.
Stop imaging fake scenarios and hurting your own feelings.
I know what I bring to the table... so believe me, I'm not afraid to eat alone.
What we think we become.
I don't fit in. Never did. Never wanted to. I do my own sh*t.
Remember: Never tell anyone your plans, show them your results instead.
I act poor, you look rich, we both are liars.
Have the courage, to be you.
You want to change your life? Change the way you think.
Pay the price of success now. So you can afford any price in the future.
Be thankful for what you have, before asking for more.
Mindset is everything.
Big house, fast cars, good food = A good life.
If you try and fail congratulations! Most people don't even try.
You need to believe in yourself before anyone else believes in you.
Decide what you want, write it down, make a plan, and work on it every single day.
If hard work made you rich, everyone with a 9-5 would be millionaires.
If she is not your biggest supporter, she ain't worth it.
Being "Raised right" doesn't mean don't drink or party. Being raised right is how you treat people, your manners, and respect.
Your inner-voice is the sound of the God in you. Trust that beyond anything else.
A rich man can play broke forever. But a broke man can't play rich for long.
I'm slowly becoming the person I should've been a long time ago.
Today I am opening new doors to life.
Losers make excuses, winners make money.
You become what you feed your mind.
Never lose hope, never give up. Because we don't know what tomorrow brings.
I make positives changes every day.
Quiet people are actually talkative around the right people.
Failure is not oppositive of success, it's the part of success.
Never be controlled by three things: Your past, money, and people.
You have to know when to work, and when to have fun.
A perfect example that being alone is better than being with the wrong person.
I truly believe that every single person has to go through something that absolutely destroys them so they can figure out who they really are.
The future is created by what you do today.
Weak people revenge, strong people forgive, intelligent people, ignore.
If you don't see the millions in your imagination, you will never see them in your bank balance.
You can't get rich thinking poor.
The tiger and the lion may be more powerful, but the wolf doesn't perform in the circus.
Success is never owned, it is rented and the rent is due every day.
Don't be afraid of losing people. Be afraid of losing yourself by trying to please everyone.
Money buy experiences.
Your "I can" is more important than your 'IQ'.
The person I'm becoming would have the old me shook.
Be somebody nobody thought you could be.
If you can still count your money, work harder.
If you live fake rich now, you'll retire real broke later.
You don't choose your passion your passion chooses you.
Cowards never start. The weak never finish. Winners never quit.
I owe it to myself to be consistent. I owe it to myself to be disciplined. I owe it to myself to stay focused.
One day, your reality will be better than your dreams.
Don't wait to be rich to be happy. Happiness is free.
Don't be ashamed of a job you're working for. People won't put food on the table or pay your bills.
It is not the knowledge you absorb. It's the knowledge you apply.
Never too late to make a change.
One loyal friend is better than one thousand fake ones.
Know your worth, then add tax.
Deep conversations with... the right people are priceless.
The sky isn't the limit your vision is.
Pay the price of success now, so you can afford any price in the future.
I celebrate like I'm rich because I hustle like I'm broke.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
If you want to achieve greatness, then stop asking for permission.
Work hard, make money, have fun.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Wanna know a little secret? Making mistakes is better than faking perfection.
They will laugh at you.. until you start making money.
Your biggest opponent is yourself.
Dreams do come true.
You can't go back and change the beginning but you can start where you are and change the ending.
Start small, finish big.
I'm not working to be seen, I'm working to disappear.
I was born broke but Imma die rich.
If you don't believe you are the best, then you will never achieve all that you are capable of.
You can make a million excuses or you can make a million dollars.
Knowing when you leave is so important. The party, the job, the relationship.
Let us sacrifice a few years of partying for decades of freedom.
Find real friends and keep them close.
I work hard so I can give my family the life I never had.
Losers fail, then dish out excuses. Winners fail, then try again until they succeed.
Success is when you find people copying you.
You are always one decision away from a totally different life.
Find 3 hobbies for you: One to keep making you money, one to keep you in shape, one to keep you creative.
Who's gonna give you everything? Only yourself.
3 pieces of advice: Don't talk, act. Don't say, show. Don't promise, prove.
Happy people: Don't say off, talk less, learn daily, help others, laugh more, ignore bullsh*t, live longer.
Can't stress this enough: Make sure your circle is full of people that will force you to level up, surround yourself with winners, people with vision.
First, become a ghost and forget attention, then just hustle.
Confidence is silent. Insecurities are loud.
Patience is not the ability to wait, but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting.
A person becomes 10 times more attractive by their acts of kindness, love. respect, honesty, and loyalty they show.
At your absolute best, you still won't good enough for the wrong person. At your worst, you'll still be worth it to the right person.
Never beg a friendship or relationship with anyone. If you don't receive the same efforts you give, cut them off.
You get paid your value, not your time.
Allow yourself a beginner, no one starts off being excellent.
You start with a dream, then turn it into a reality.
Go the extra mile, it's never crowded there.
When you finally let go of the past, something better comes doing.
Tell the person you see in the mirror: I am going to show you how great I am.
This year I lost, I won, I fell, I cried, I laughed, I loved, but I didn't fold.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Never judge people by their past. People learn. People change. People f*cking move on.
Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge.
If you want to be powerful, educate yourself.
You were given this life because you are strong enough to live it.
Never forget a day in your life: good days give happiness, bad days give experience, worst days give lessons, and best days give memories.
A relationship isn't always 50/50. Somedays your partner will struggle. You stick it up and pick up that 80/20 because they need you. That's love.
I don't chase, I attract. With belongs to me will find me. Simple.
You're doing succeed, not to be liked. Don't forget that.
Building from scratch. No inheritance, no connections, no backups.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things by those who hustle.
Lead from the back and let others believe they are in front.
Be your best friend. Be your gym partner. Be your coffee buddy. Be your partner in crime.
People will try to tell you who you are. Don't believe that sh*t
A man's greatest investment is a smart and ambitious woman.
If your salary is your only source of income, you're one step away from poverty.
You are the one who is about to bring wealth into your family.
Good students usually become good employees. Self-students become employers.
Who's gonna give you everything? Only yourself.
The circle got smaller. Vision got larger.
Don't love money, love the feeling of success.
Know the power of your words, the power of your body, and the power of your mind.
Don't worry if you're not where you want to be yet, great things take time.
Never blame anyone in your life. Good people bring you happiness, bad people bring you experience.
